to paco palencia and now I want it from
back in guadalajara in your late to ley
but the fat man there was not any time
interviewed little palencia but it has not
come very well to the fat with paco
he reared
as they are friends of owners and more then
nothing more and nothing less here with the
presence of paco palencia as
Francisco Palencia Hernández now from
chivas and from here in the angels like
if the channel
and I speak English or you speak English
francisco that wave or if they think
different is valid to be a translator
here also time does not come from bengasi you
they answer nothing else
Manuel, how did you tell them, in fact, this?
and my few helped me for nothing
to learn English is
and thus having contact with people who
speaks and it 's practically I do not want to
love what tri is and you love what
kiss heart rocker now they do
the angels will like industry del
love the toucans the untouchable group
I respect a lot but I did not buy a disc
from them
of what
that I like I do not like it just
no it's not my music style and what
I respect a lot
How good that interested triumph
I have bad luck, I hope you do not
nothing, I'll interview you
to fernando vargas does little empire
they hurt the scourge he realizes
tito trinidad and lost the fight 15 ago
I interviewed benjamin galindo and the
week it happens to you that someone happens something
bad
and the scandals that you hit him that already
know your quiet well that is at
soccer and quiet
thanks, thanks
because it is ready for what we are
saying if there is no affinity but to give
a good interview is not worth it
palencia is that the Mexican scholarship and the
fat and like he said to this one is
asking as if nothing